When I moved to San Francisco, I developed this intense urge to get rid of my social anxiety. Navigating through tech bro parties, raves, dates, strangers at the park, I learnt an immensely useful technique that put me in a uncomfortable zone for a shy person while also relieving the stress of having something to say to a stranger -- public improv/bits.
I was first introduced to this through an Iraqi burner who taught me a lot about partying as a lifestyle. I could write a whole post about this man; the way he walked through a crowd and exhaustively interacted with every stranger there was a sight to behold. A bit he would often do is pretend to be the bouncer at the party and ask everyone entering for their ID. This is such an easy fun technique to talk to strangers, entertain them and learn their name in the process. I often did this at house parties where I was too shy to strike up conversation and it really helped me open up.
On another occasion, I found myself on a very mediocre date at Arcana in the mission district with a woman where I was hard carrying the conversation while she contributed nothing substantial to the conversation besides a laugh track. Through some struck of random token generation in my head fueled by the wine and my horniness, we found ourselves pretending to be married and having a fight over why she would eat other women without consulting me first. Her defense being it doesn't count between women and that she wouldn't mind me sleeping with other men. We then went about the bar asking people to help us resolve the fight lest we get divorced. Some thought we were being serious, some knew we were kidding but still played along. Of course it being the bay area, everyone was of the opinion that I should just be with men. The date ended up being super fun but alas nothing could salvage the fact that she was a horrible woman.
After that incident, I was hooked with the idea of doing bits. At another party, my friend and I did this script - "we have the same name and employer (which was actually true) and an intern overheard our boss, who is a smoking hot milf but is married, that she wants to sleep with Shaurya. Now we don't know which Shaurya she wants to sleep with and we also can't just ask her about it. So one of us must leave the company and ask her out while the other keeps the job. How do we decide who does what?". I know, that sounds super silly, but works super well with a drunk crowd. 
At the Portola festival last year, I went through the crowd with an angry sriracha plushy named 'St. Vincent' (I received it from a man named Vance, hence the name), told people St. Vincent was upset because they were not dancing hard enough and then watched them dance hard until he was happy. The joy you get from bringing energy to dozens of strangers is such an exhilarating high.
What began as an effort to get comfortable talking to strangers ended up becoming so much more. The collaborative nature of the two man bits only makes this even more fun and a bonding experience. Use these powers to get over your social anxiety, salvage a boring date, entertain strangers or strengthen your friendship. Don't forget to have fun and keep improvising.
